---
layout: default
title: "VCC | Cookie Policy"
date: 2018-10-20 14:37:43 +0700
style: black
---
<div class="container">
    <div class="col-lg-10 mr-auto" style="padding: 3em 0;">
        <div class="site-heading">
                <h1>Cookie Policy</h1>
                <br>
                <p class="lead">With this cookie policy, we would like to inform you about the use of cookies or similar storage technologies (hereinafter “cookies”) on this website. </p>   
                <br>
                <!-- definition -->
                <h2>What are Cookies?</h2>
                <p class="lead">Cookies are small text files that are stored by your browser on your device to save certain information or image files, such as pixels. The next time you visit our website on the same device, the information saved in the cookies will subsequently be transmitted either to our website (“First Party Cookie”) or to another website to which the cookie belongs (“Third Party Cookie”).<br>

                Through the information saved and returned, the respective website recognizes that you have already accessed and visited it with the browser you use on that device. We use this information to be able to design and display the website in an optimum way in line with your preferences.<br>
                    
                In that respect, only the cookie itself is identified on your device. Beyond this extent, your personal data will only be saved upon your express consent or if it is strictly necessary to be able to use the service offered to and accessed by you accordingly.</p>
                <br>
                <!-- consent -->
                <h2>Consent to the use of Cookies</h2>
                <p class="lead">Cookies that are not absolutely necessary to make the services available on our website are only used when we receive your consent. As soon as you actively use our website by continuing to use our website after the cookie banner has been displayed, you consent to the use of cookies.<br>

                You can, of course, customize your cookie settings at any time, for example by activating or deactivating individual cookie categories.<br>
                    
                You can find out how to deactivate or delete cookies in general (i.e. including the essential cookies) in your browser can be found under the last point of this Cookie Policy.</p>
                <br>
                <!-- categories -->
                <h2>Cookie Categories</h2>
                <p class="lead">We divide the cookies we use into the following categories based on their purpose and function:</p>
                <ul>
                    <li>Strictly Necessary Cookies;</li>
                    <li>Functional Cookies;</li>
                    <li>Performance Cookies; as well as</li>
                    <li>Marketing / Third Party / Consent Based Cookies</li>
                </ul>
                <br>
                <!-- admin and delete -->
                <h2>Administration and deletion of cookies</h2>
                <p class="lead">You can set your web browser in such a way that cookies are generally prevented from being saved to your device and/or that you are asked each time whether you are in agreement with cookies being enabled. You can also at any time delete cookies that have been enabled again. You can find out how all this works in detail from your browser’s help function.<br>

                Please note that generally deactivating cookies may lead to functional restrictions of our website.</p>  
        </div>
    </div>
</div>